Update zboss libraries to v3.5.0.0+1.0.0 (#409)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: zboss/README.rst

* *Production* version that contains the latest stable ZBOSS libraries.

>   This version is enabled with the :option:`CONFIG_ZIGBEE_LIBRARY_PRODUCTION` KConfig option and its files are located in the :file:`zboss/production/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This version is enabled with the :option:`CONFIG_ZIGBEE_LIBRARY_PRODUCTION` Kconfig option and its files are located in the :file:`zboss/production/` directory.
```

  This version is enabled by default.

>   The production libraries fully conform to the certification, but they are not necessarily certified.

Reviewer: I suggest to start a new paragraph here and in line 15/17 (before "This version might not conform ...").

>   See compatibility matrix for certification status of the production library present in a given NCS release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See the compatibility matrices in the `Infocenter`_ for the certification status of the production library that is present in a given |NCS| release.
```
